#LyX 1.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 220
\textclass article
\language english
\inputencoding default
\fontscheme default
\graphics default
\float_placement h
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single 
\papersize Default
\paperpackage a4
\use_geometry 0
\use_amsmath 1
\use_natbib 0
\use_numerical_citations 0
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\quotes_times 2
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default

\layout Title

Rocmap Design Document
\layout Section

Introduction
\layout Standard

Rocmap is an add-on module of Roccom standing for Mesh Aware Procedures.
 It is self-contained and its only strong dependence is Roccom.
 All its communications are handled using a subset of MPI, specifically
 the nonblocking calls and collective calls of MPI.
 To eliminate its dependence on MPI, Rocmap also provides a dummy MPI implementa
tion for one processor, so that an application code can use Rocmap on one-proces
sor without having to link with MPI.
 This also makes it easier for debugging an application code on a single
 processor.
\layout Standard

Rocmap provides the following functionality.
 
\layout Enumerate

Determine inter-pane connectivity using coordinate and elemental connectity
 information.
 This is done in parallel through message passing.
 The algorithm does not perform exact comparison on nodal coordinates, but
 compare them within a certain tolerance.
 The data structure for inter-pane connectivity is give later in Section\SpecialChar ~

\begin_inset LatexCommand \ref{ipc}

\end_inset 

.
\layout Enumerate

Constructs a ghost window for another window using interpane-connectivity.
\layout Enumerate

Synchronize data between a window and its ghost window.
\layout Enumerate

Perform reduction operations locally on a window and its ghost window.
\layout Section

Data Structures
\layout Subsection


\begin_inset LatexCommand \label{ipc}

\end_inset 

Inter-pane connectivity
\layout Section

API
\the_end
